docs(clustered): direct catalog modification warning (#5435)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/admin/databases/delete.md

Author: This is under the `influxctl database delete` command, but perhaps it should be elsewhere too?

Nowhere else came to mind though. I put it here as it came up with a customer around getting to a clean state, branching off of this command.

Happy to take suggestions.

#### Cannot reuse database names

After a database is deleted, you cannot reuse the same name for a new database.

> #### Never directly modify the Postgres catalog
> 
> Doing so will result in an undefined state for the various components.
> This may lead to data loss and crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Never directly modify the Catalog

Never directly modify the [PostgreSQL-compatible Catalog](/influxdb/clustered/reference/internals/storage-engine/#catalog).
 Doing so will result in an undefined state for various components and may lead to data loss and crashes.
```
